INT. AIVIA HEADQUARTERS - TECHNICAL LAB - NIGHT

Dex sits alone in the dimly lit lab, surrounded by multiple screens. The 
only light comes from the monitors, casting a blue glow on his exhausted 
face. Empty coffee cups litter the desk.

He's reviewing data logs from the accident, scrolling through lines of 
code and vehicle telemetry.

CLOSE ON SCREEN: Vehicle diagnostic data showing normal operations, then 
a sudden override command followed by acceleration.

                    DEX
                    (to himself)
          This doesn't make sense...

He pulls up another screen showing a database of all Aivia test vehicles.

CLOSE ON SCREEN: A spreadsheet with hundreds of entries. Many have 
location data, but over 100 entries show "LOCATION DATA UNAVAILABLE" or 
"ACCESS RESTRICTED."

Dex narrows his eyes, types rapidly.

                    DEX
          Computer, show me all vehicles with 
          restricted location data for the past 
          six months.

The computer processes. A new screen appears showing a timeline with 
clusters of vehicles going dark at specific dates.

Dex leans forward, puzzled.

                    DEX
          That's weird... over a hundred vehicles 
          unaccounted for.

He tries another command.

                    DEX
          Show deployment locations for restricted 
          vehicles.

CLOSE ON SCREEN: "ACCESS DENIED - SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED"

                    DEX
          What the hell?

He quickly downloads the vehicle inventory data to a secure drive, looking 
nervously over his shoulder.

The lab door OPENS. Dex quickly switches screens. A SECURITY GUARD peers in.

                    SECURITY GUARD
          Mr. Sharp? Still here? Building's 
          closing down for the night.

                    DEX
                    (casual)
          Just finishing up. Clayton wants this 
          analysis by morning.

The guard nods, leaves. Dex waits until the footsteps fade, then ejects 
the drive and pockets it.

He pulls out his phone, hesitates, then dials.

                    DEX
          Clayton? We need to talk. There's 
          something you need to see.

CUT TO:

INT. CLAYTON'S OFFICE - NEXT DAY

Clayton sits behind his desk, reviewing the data Dex has presented. His 
expression darkens with each slide.

                    CLAYTON
                    (seething)
          I want to congratulate you on finding me nothing.

                    DEX
          Over a hundred of them, Clayton. With 
          restricted access that even I can't get into. 
          Why would our own vehicles be classified?

Clayton SLAMS his fist on the desk, stands abruptly.

                    CLAYTON
                    (seething)
          Do you have ANY idea what you're implying?
          That MY company is hiding something?

                    DEX
                    (exhausted but determined)
          I'm just showing you what I found, Clayton.
          I can't explain it, but something's not right.

Clayton walks around the desk, gets in Dex's face.

                    CLAYTON
          I gave you 48 hours. I was very clear about 
          what would happen if you didn't deliver.

He taps his watch.

                    CLAYTON
          Time's up, Dex.

                    DEX
          For God's sake, Clayton! I'm trying to protect 
          the company! Don't you want to know why our 
          own vehicles are being hidden from us?

Clayton's expression shifts from anger to cold calculation. He moves toward the window.

Blue and red lights begin to flash through the glass, illuminating the room in pulses.

                    CLAYTON
          Time's up, Dex.

Dex stares at him, realization dawning as the police lights fill the room.

The office door BURSTS open. Two FBI AGENTS in suits enter, followed by 
more agents. Everything seems to slow down for Dex.

SLOW MOTION: The agents approach, their movements fluid yet deliberate. 
Sound becomes muffled, distant. One agent pulls out handcuffs that glint 
in the office light.

Dex watches, almost detached, as they grab his arms. The cold metal of 
handcuffs clicks around his wrists.

                    CLAYTON
          You know what happens now, Dex? You disappear. 
          You'll spend the rest of your life in a cell. 
          No one will remember your name. Your family 
          will never know what happened to you. Just 
          another brilliant mind... gone.

Dex struggles against the agents.

                    DEX
          I didn't do this! You know I didn't do this!

Clayton's expression hardens, his voice dropping to a whisper.

                    CLAYTON
          No, Dex. You did.

EXT. AIVIA HEADQUARTERS - MOMENTS LATER

The glass doors of the building open. Dex is led out in handcuffs by the 
FBI agents. A CROWD has gathered - PROTESTERS with signs reading "KILLER 
CARS" and "AI KILLS," NEWS CREWS with cameras rolling, REPORTERS shouting 
questions.

CAMERA FLASHES blind Dex momentarily. Microphones are thrust in his face.

Dex is pushed toward a waiting FBI vehicle. Through the crowd, he spots 
Clayton watching from the building entrance, flanked by PR PEOPLE.

Dex's face is a mask of somber realizations. He makes direct eye contact 
with Clayton across the crowd - a silent, powerful accusation. Clayton 
looks away first.

The FBI agents shove Dex into the back of the vehicle. As the door closes, 
we see Dex's expression: resolute, somber, calculating.

INT. CLAYTON'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER

Clayton watches from his window as the FBI car drives away. His confident 
facade cracks slightly. He is thinking to himself, but says nothing. The seed of
doubt has been planted in his mind. He thinks for a long time.

Clayton turns to DMITRI DVULIKIY, his right-hand man who has been standing 
silently in the corner.

                    CLAYTON
                    (turning to Dmitri)
          What was Dex's clearance level?

                    DMITRI
          Secret.

                    CLAYTON
          And what's yours?

                    DMITRI
          Top secret, sir.

                    CLAYTON
          I need you to look into something for me.

DMITRI enters the building.

                    REPORTER #1
          Mr. Stanford, what can you tell us about 
          the accusations against Dexton Sharp?

                    CLAYTON
          Aivia has always prioritized safety and 
          transparency. When we discovered potential 
          tampering with our systems, we immediately 
          contacted authorities.

                    REPORTER #2
          Is it true that Mr. Sharp was responsible 
          for the accident that killed a child?

                    CLAYTON
          I can't comment on an ongoing investigation, 
          but I can assure you that Aivia's autonomous 
          vehicles remain the safest in the industry.

Clayton's phone RINGS. He checks it, his expression shifting subtly.

                    CLAYTON
          I apologize, but I need to take this. My team 
          will provide you with our official statement.

He steps away from the reporters, moving toward a sleek black car waiting 
at the curb. As he opens the door, we see his face harden with determination.

                    CLAYTON
                    (into phone)
          I'm on my way.

MATCH CUT TO SCENE 3a
