EXT. FOREST - NIGHT

A dense, dark forest. Moonlight barely penetrates the thick canopy. The 
sound of RUSTLING leaves and distant animal calls.

CLOSE ON: DEX, unconscious, bloodied, lying face-down in the dirt. His 
clothes are torn, a gash on his forehead. Next to him, an EXTERNAL HARD 
DRIVE has fallen from his pocket.

A flashlight beam cuts through the darkness, scanning the forest floor 
until it finds Dex. The beam holds on his motionless form.

The OFF-GRID MAN (50s, wild-eyed, unkempt beard, wearing layers of 
mismatched clothing) approaches cautiously, flashlight in one hand, rifle 
in the other.

He nudges Dex with his boot. No response. He kneels down, checks for a 
pulse, then notices the external hard drive. His eyes narrow with suspicion.

CUT TO:

INT. OFF-GRID MAN'S CABIN - NIGHT

A small, cluttered cabin. Newspaper clippings and strange diagrams cover 
the walls. Shelves lined with canned food, survival gear, and amateur 
radio equipment.

Dex is tied to a chair, still unconscious. The Off-Grid Man sits across 
from him, examining the external hard drive with suspicion.

Dex GROANS, regaining consciousness. He blinks, disoriented, then realizes 
he's restrained. He struggles against the ropes.

                    DEX
          What... where am I?

The Off-Grid Man watches him silently.

                    DEX
          Who are you? Why am I tied up?

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          Well you're off the grid now, buddy. 
          No one's finding us here.

Dex looks around frantically, assessing his situation.

                    DEX
          They will... they'll find us. Viatech 
          will find us. They can find anyone.

The Off-Grid Man leans forward, suddenly interested.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          Tell me something, fella, why do they 
          want to find you?

                    DEX
          Because I have information...

The Off-Grid Man nods knowingly.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          Same. I know the truth. They don't 
          want me to tell the truth, that's why 
          they're tracking me. That's why I'm 
          out here.

Dex sees an opportunity.

                    DEX
          Yes, ok, then you have to help me... 
          help me expose them.

The Off-Grid Man stands up quietly, slowly, and begins to undo Dex's 
restraints.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          They've been trying to usurp my 
          birthright. They don't want to believe 
          it, but this world is a false reality.

He continues untying Dex, becoming more animated.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          In the city, it's where it all started, 
          where Lucifer fell. They tried to 
          electrocute me. But I won't let them usurp 
          my birthright. They send radio signals 
          to intercept my frequencies.

He leans in close to Dex's ear, whispering:

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          You know the truth, don't you? The 
          truth beyond the veil?

Dex's restraints are now undone. The Off-Grid Man sits back in his chair, 
staring at Dex quietly, examining him.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          Your journey led you here. I heard 
          the call from the woods, I found you. 
          You're here to help me expose the 
          truth. Pierce the veil.

Dex, realizing he needs to play along, nods cautiously.

                    DEX
                    (sighing with cautious relief)
          Yes... Yes... pierce the veil.

The Off-Grid Man nods approvingly.

                    DEX
          Do you have a computer?

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          Do I look like I own a computer?

Dex recalculates.

                    DEX
          Do you have a vehicle?

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          Truck.

                    DEX
          What year?

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          '97.

                    DEX
          Can you get me to a computer?

The Off-Grid Man looks suspicious.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          And let them electrocute me?

Dex quickly adapts.

                    DEX
          Right... right because of the 
          frequencies.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          They'll electrocute me. They send 
          radio signals to intercept my 
          frequencies.

                    DEX
          What's your name?

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          You don't need to know my name.

                    DEX
          Right... I'm going to reach in my 
          pocket.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          I'll reach in your pocket.

                    DEX
          Ok, reach in my right pocket.

The Off-Grid Man reaches into Dex's pocket and removes the external hard 
drive.

The Off-Grid Man's eyes narrow as he examines the device.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
                    (suspicious)
          What's this?

                    DEX
          It's a device that blocks the 
          frequencies. That's how we... get into 
          town... it protects you.

The Off-Grid Man considers this, turning the hard drive over in his hands. 
After a long moment, he seems to accept Dex's explanation.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          We leave at dawn.

CUT TO:

EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAWN

Aerial view of the Off-Grid Man's truck driving down a winding forest road, 
headlights cutting through the early morning mist.

INT. TRUCK - CONTINUOUS

Dex sits in the passenger seat, clutching the external hard drive. The 
Off-Grid Man drives, eyes constantly scanning the road and surroundings.

                    DEX
          How far to the next town?

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          14 hours.

Dex settles back, wincing from his injuries. Through the windshield, we 
see the truck pull onto an interstate highway.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          Are you prepared to walk your path? 
          To pierce the veil?

Dex hesitates, calculating his response carefully. He glances at the hard 
drive, then back at the Off-Grid Man.

                    DEX
                    (lowering his voice)
          They don't want us to be ready. That's 
          why they're after me. This device...
          
He holds up the hard drive.
          
                    DEX
          It contains the truth. The frequencies. 
          All of it.

The Off-Grid Man nods, satisfied with this answer. They drive on as the 
sun rises over the distant mountains.

FADE TO:

EXT. FOREST ROAD - NIGHT

The same truck, now driving through darkness. The Off-Grid Man and Dex 
have been on the road for hours.

MATCH CUT TO SCENE 4
