FADE IN:

EXT. AIVIA HEADQUARTERS - DAY

On the sidewalk lies a man -- you'd be forgiven for mistaking him 
as a BEGGAR. Outside a busy complex nestled within the city, 
he waitst , for as long as possible, and as close as possible, 
every day by the headquarters office of the man who owned the 
company AIVIA.

He dons a blanket of newspapers. Prominent on one of the papers
is the sleek AIVIA GHOST self driving vehicle.

The BEGGAR mutters to himself, rehearsing.

                    BEGGAR
                    (inaudible)
          Clayton Stanford... Mr. Stanford... 
          I need to tell you something...

A BUSINESSMAN walks past, deliberately avoiding eye contact. 
The BEGGAR doesn't even notice -- his attention fixed solely 
on the building entrance.

Suddenly, the BEGGAR straightens up. His eyes widen.

CLAYTON STANFORD (40s) emerges. He has no sense of taste. His clothes are
expensive, but not well chosen. There's something off-putting about him -- 
a sickly pallor, beady eyes, and a thin-lipped smile that never reaches 
his eyes. He carries himself with the confidence of wealth and power, but 
in appearance and manner is rather revolting.

The BEGGAR's moment has arrived.

                    BEGGAR
                    (shouting)
          Clayton! Clayton Stanford!

CLAYTON pretends not to hear him, deliberately avoiding eye contact and 
quickening his pace.

                    BEGGAR
          I know you! I know you! You're 
          Clayton! Clayton Stanford! You have 
          to listen to me!

CLAYTON continues, committed to ignoring the disturbance. 
The BEGGAR reaches him and grabs at CLAYTON's sleeve,
like a man pleading for the future of humanity.

                    CLAYTON
          Get away from me!

                    CLAYTON (cont.)
          Vermin!

                    BEGGAR
          You have to know what you're doing!

CLAYTON forcefully breaks from the encounter and paces away.

                    CLAYTON
          Get lost!

CLAYTON begins to half jog. The BEGGAR continues shouting
and begins to chase after him.

                    BEGGAR
          You need to know the truth! I need 
          to tell you something! Clayton, stop, 
          listen! The world hangs in the balance.

CLAYTON keeps moving, but the BEGGAR's next words stop him cold.

                    BEGGAR
          You need to know! The truth about 
          Aivia!

CLAYTON freezes, halfway through a crosswalk. He slowly turns around, 
looking at the BEGGAR in the eyes for the first time.

                    CLAYTON (suspiciously)
          What do you know about Aivia?

The BEGGAR, halfway through the crosswalk, stops.

                    BEGGAR
          Come with me, and I'll tell you. I'll 
          tell you everything they have been 
          hiding from you.

The BEGGARS eyes are filled with a knowing look.
CLAYTON takes a moment to absorb the wretched vision of the man before 
him. Tattered clothes, matted hair, filthy hands, worn shoes.


                    CLAYTON
          You're a lunatic. There's nothing I 
          need to know from you.

                    BEGGAR
          I know about the accidents. I know 
          why they're--

Tires screech and the smoke and smell of burnt rubber suddenly fill the 
air. The vehicle screams to a halt —- but not before it slams directly into 
the BEGGAR.

He rag dolls, breaking his spine, his body swings like a pendulum, sending 
his head careening into the asphalt. Cracking open his skull. 
Blood rushes onto the pavement -- an ugly scene.

CLAYTON freezes in the moment. His eyes absorb the scene. Perhaps for a 
moment, he felt a fleeting moment of empathy. Of guilt. He processed the 
BEGGAR's words. "Accidents", he thinks. "What does he know?"

The shock begins to subside from his face. His eyes turn from horror to fear.

The picture of the reality settles into his mind.

                    CLAYTON
                    (to himself)
          I can't be here.

                    BYSTANDER (O.S.)
          Oh my god! Help him!

Panicked, shaking to his core, he briskly abouts face, his nervous system 
screaming to run, run now.

                    CLAYTON
                    (to himself)
          I can't be seen.

He begins to dart away, holding his suite jacket over his head.

First he paces quickly, then he begins to run, then he is sprinting.

Scenes of the city rush by him and blur together as he runs harder and harder, 
with no particular destination.

His mind is fixed on only one thought, "I can't be here. I can't be seen here. 
This is not good. This can't get out"

Sirens and lights begin to flood his senses.

EMTs and police vehicles fly past him.

He finally stops and collects himself.

He breaths deeply.

He picks up the phone and dials.

The line on the other end answers, but doesn't speak.

                    CLAYTON
          I need you to make something disappear for me.

The camera cuts back to the scene of the accident.

Sirens are flashing, casting shadows and blue and red silhouettes of the 
figures standing over the body of the man before him.

He chokes, gurgles blood, holding onto his last breaths.

His last words to the bystander who rushed to him first:

                    BEGGAR
          Stop… Viatech… Stop… Aivia...

The life finally leaves his eyes as the camera pans out from the scene.
The vehicle that hit him is revealed.  Decals on the car are clearly visible.
Dented, and rich with blood. "AIVIA GHOST" reads the decals.

Beneath the words, read a slogan: "THE FUTURE DRIVES ITSELF"

The shot pans outward to a birds eye view.

CUT TO:
