FADE IN:

EXT. AIVIA HEADQUARTERS - DAY

A gleaming glass and steel skyscraper dominates the skyline. The 
building's sleek architecture suggests cutting-edge technology. The 
company logo -- AIVIA -- is prominently displayed at the entrance, with 
the tagline "THE FUTURE DRIVES ITSELF" beneath it.

On the sidewalk across from the entrance stands a BEGGAR (50s), though 
you'd be forgiven for mistaking him as just another homeless person. 
Tattered clothes, matted hair, filthy hands, worn shoes. But his eyes 
are alert, focused, watching the entrance with unusual intensity.

He's been here before. Many times. The security guards eye him warily 
but keep their distance.

The Beggar mutters to himself, rehearsing.

                    BEGGAR
                    (under his breath)
          Clayton Stanford... Mr. Stanford... 
          I need to tell you something...

He paces nervously, checking his watch. A BUSINESSMAN walks past, 
deliberately avoiding eye contact. The Beggar doesn't even notice -- 
his attention fixed solely on the building entrance.

Suddenly, the Beggar straightens up. His eyes widen.

CLAYTON STANFORD (40s), impeccably dressed in an expensive suit, 
emerges from the building, flanked by two ASSISTANTS. He's handsome, 
confident, the picture of success.

The Beggar's moment has arrived. He moves quickly across the street.

                    BEGGAR
                    (shouting)
          Clayton! Clayton Stanford!

Clayton doesn't hear him at first, engaged in conversation with his 
assistants. The Beggar pushes through the crowd.

                    BEGGAR
          I know you! I know you! You're 
          Clayton! Clayton Stanford! You have 
          to listen to me!

Clayton looks up, annoyed at the disturbance. The Beggar reaches him 
and grabs at Clayton's sleeve.

                    BEGGAR
          You have to listen to me!

                    CLAYTON
          Get away from me!

Clayton tries to shake him off, but the Beggar holds tight, desperate.

                    BEGGAR
          You need to know what you're doing!

                    CLAYTON
          Vermin! Get lost!

Clayton forcefully breaks free and starts walking away quickly, almost 
jogging. The Beggar pursues him.

                    BEGGAR
          You need to know the truth! I need 
          to tell you something! Clayton, stop, 
          listen! The world hangs in the balance.

Clayton keeps moving, but the Beggar's next words stop him cold.

                    BEGGAR
          You need to know! The truth about 
          Aivia!

Clayton freezes, halfway through a crosswalk. He slowly turns around, 
looking at the Beggar in the eyes for the first time.

                    CLAYTON
          What do you know about Aivia?

The Beggar, now in the middle of the crosswalk, stops.

                    BEGGAR
          Come with me, and I'll tell you. I'll 
          tell you everything they have been 
          hiding from you.

Clayton takes a moment to absorb the wretched vision of the man before 
him.

                    CLAYTON
          You're a lunatic. There's nothing I 
          need to know from you.

                    BEGGAR
          I know about the accidents. I know 
          why they're--

The SCREECHING of tires cuts him off. A sleek, autonomous vehicle -- 
an AIVIA GHOST -- barrels toward the crosswalk.

The Beggar turns, eyes wide with terror. The vehicle SLAMS into him.

His body flies through the air, spine breaking on impact. His head 
CRACKS against the asphalt. Blood pools rapidly beneath him.

Clayton stands frozen in shock. Nearby PEDESTRIANS scream. Someone 
shouts for help.

The Beggar, barely alive, locks eyes with Clayton one last time.

                    BEGGAR
                    (gurgling blood)
          Stop... Viatech... Stop... Aivia...

The life leaves his eyes.

Clayton, panicked, pulls his jacket over his head and starts running 
away from the scene. Sirens wail in the distance.

The camera pulls back to reveal the vehicle that struck the Beggar. 
It's an AIVIA GHOST, its sleek design now marred by blood. The decal 
on the side reads "AIVIA GHOST" with the slogan beneath: "THE FUTURE 
DRIVES ITSELF."

FADE TO:

INT. AIVIA HEADQUARTERS - DAY

DEXTON "DEX" SHARP (30s), an engineer, sits at his desk, staring in 
horror at his computer screen. News footage of the accident plays, 
showing the Beggar's body being covered with a sheet.

                    DEX
                    (whispers)
          This is impossible...

                    REPORTER (V.O.)
          Reporting at the scene of a horrific 
          accident here at the intersection of 
          5th Ave and 7th St in Downtown, as a 
          man was hit by one of Viatech's 'Aivia 
          Ghosts', a self-driving vehicle that 
          drivers have come to know as a safer, 
          faster, and more convenient alternative 
          to other modes of transportation. This 
          accident is the first of its kind, 
          after Aivia Ghosts have been on the 
          road for at least 14 months since their 
          initial public launch. The accident 
          comes mere days before Viatech's 
          unveiling of the 'Aivia Mammoth', a 
          self-driving semi-truck that promises 
          to revolutionize the supply chain 
          industry...

Dex's face is drenched in sweat, his hands trembling. The world around 
him seems to fade away as the reporter's voice becomes distant, 
replaced by a high-pitched ringing.

                    CLAYTON (O.S.)
          Dex.

Dex wheels around in panic. Clayton stands there, disheveled, his eyes 
wild.

                    CLAYTON
          We need to talk.

CUT TO BLACK.
