EXT. FOREST ROAD - NIGHT

A battered 1997 pickup truck rumbles down a dark forest road. Headlights 
cut through the dense fog.

INT. PICKUP TRUCK - CONTINUOUS

DEX sits in the passenger seat, clutching an external hard drive. His face 
is bruised, clothes torn. Next to him, the OFF-GRID MAN drives, eyes 
darting nervously.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          They'll find us. Viatech will find 
          us. They can find anyone.

                    DEX
          That's why we need to get to a town. 
          Somewhere with internet.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
                    (suspicious)
          Why do you need internet? So they 
          can electrocute you with their 
          frequencies?

                    DEX
          No, to upload this.

He holds up the external hard drive.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          What's on it?

                    DEX
          The truth. About the autonomous 
          vehicles. They're being used to kill 
          people.

The Off-Grid Man's eyes widen. He nods slowly.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
          I knew it. I always knew it. The 
          veil... you're trying to pierce the 
          veil too.

                    DEX
                    (playing along)
          Yes. Exactly.

EXT. SMALL TOWN - DAWN

The truck pulls into a tiny town - population sign reads "CALVA - POP. 15". 
Just a ranger station and post office.

INT. RANGER STATION - MOMENTS LATER

A sleepy RANGER (60s) looks up as Dex bursts in.

                    DEX
          Do you have internet?

                    RANGER
          Sure do. Dialup though.

The Ranger points to an ancient computer in the corner.

LATER

Dex watches anxiously as the computer connects with a series of SCREECHING 
DIALUP TONES. The upload bar crawls at a glacial pace.

                    DEX
          This is taking too long.

He glances out the window, notices road signs saying "WRONG WAY" and "ROAD 
CLOSED" stacked against the building.

A look of realization crosses his face.

                    DEX
          I have an idea.

EXT. RANGER STATION - LATER

Dex and the Off-Grid Man attach the road signs to all sides of the truck. 
"WRONG WAY" and "ROAD CLOSED" signs cover the front, sides, and back.

                    DEX
          The autonomous vehicles are programmed 
          to respond to road signs. Emergency 
          protocols override any remote control.

                    OFF-GRID MAN
                    (nodding)
          Blocking the frequencies. Smart.

INT. RANGER STATION - LATER

Dex dials a number on the landline phone.

INTERCUT WITH:

INT. VIATECH HEADQUARTERS - SAME TIME

VARICK sits at an imposing desk. He answers the phone.

                    VARICK
          Who is this?

                    DEX
          You know who it is. I have Clayton's 
          phone. I have the evidence. And I'm 
          coming for you.

                    VARICK
                    (smiling coldly)
          Are you now? And where exactly are 
          you coming?

                    DEX
          Your headquarters. In one hour. Be 
          ready.

Dex hangs up. Varick immediately barks orders to SECURITY PERSONNEL.

                    VARICK
          Lock down the perimeter. Deploy all 
          available Ghosts. I want him stopped 
          before he gets within a mile of this 
          building.

EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY

The truck, covered in road signs, speeds toward the city skyline. Dex 
drives, determined.

EXT. VIATECH HEADQUARTERS - SAME TIME

Dozens of AIVIA GHOSTS form a perimeter around the building. Their 
headlights glow an ominous red.

EXT. CITY STREETS - LATER

The truck barrels through the streets. Up ahead, a line of Aivia Ghosts 
blocks the road.

As the truck approaches, the autonomous vehicles' sensors detect the 
"WRONG WAY" and "ROAD CLOSED" signs. Their emergency protocols activate.

The Ghosts swerve wildly, crashing into each other and nearby objects as 
they try to avoid what their systems perceive as a dangerous road hazard.

INT. VIATECH CONTROL ROOM - SAME TIME

Varick watches in fury as monitors show the chaos. Ghosts crashing 
everywhere.

                    VARICK
          Override the emergency protocols! Now!

                    ENGINEER
          We can't, sir! The safety systems are 
          hardcoded. We'd need to rewrite the 
          core programming.

Varick slams his fist on the console.

                    VARICK
          Then I'll do it myself.

EXT. VIATECH HEADQUARTERS - MOMENTS LATER

Varick emerges from the building, striding toward a special Ghost with 
military markings. Unlike the others, this one has a mounted weapon system 
on top - a 50-caliber machine gun.

INT. MILITARY GHOST - CONTINUOUS

Varick takes manual control, disabling the autonomous systems.

                    VARICK
          Let's see how your road signs hold 
          up against this.

EXT. CITY STREETS - CONTINUOUS

The truck approaches the headquarters. Suddenly, the military Ghost 
appears, its gun turret rotating toward the truck.

The 50-cal OPENS FIRE, tearing chunks out of the pavement around the truck.

Dex swerves wildly, then deliberately CRASHES the truck into a concrete 
barrier.

The military Ghost approaches the wreckage, gun trained on the driver's 
side.

Varick exits his vehicle, approaches cautiously with a handgun.

He reaches the driver's door, yanks it open to reveal...

The Off-Grid Man, bloody but alive.

                    VARICK
          Where is he?

INT. VIATECH HEADQUARTERS - SERVER ROOM - SAME TIME

Dex, having infiltrated the building during the chaos, connects the 
external hard drive to a server. He types rapidly, uploading the evidence.

A SECURITY GUARD appears in the doorway. Dex takes him down with a fire 
extinguisher to the head.

He continues the upload, watching the progress bar.

EXT. CRASH SITE - CONTINUOUS

Varick drags the Off-Grid Man from the wreckage.

                    VARICK
          I asked you a question. Where is 
          Dexton Sharp?

                    OFF-GRID MAN
                    (laughing maniacally)
          Piercing the veil! He's piercing the 
          veil!

Varick's phone RINGS. He answers.

                    ENGINEER (V.O.)
          Sir, someone's in the server room! 
          They're uploading classified files 
          to public servers!

Varick's face contorts with rage. He shoots the Off-Grid Man point-blank, 
then runs back to his vehicle.

INT. MILITARY GHOST - CONTINUOUS

Varick jumps in, starts the engine. Suddenly, the dashboard lights turn 
RED. The doors LOCK automatically.

                    VARICK
          What the--

The steering wheel turns by itself. The vehicle begins to move.

INT. VIATECH HEADQUARTERS - SERVER ROOM - SAME TIME

Dex, at a computer terminal, controls Varick's vehicle remotely. On the 
screen, we see the vehicle's camera feed showing Varick trapped inside.

                    DEX
          The backdoor works both ways, Varick.

EXT. CITY STREETS - CONTINUOUS

The military Ghost accelerates, heading straight for the edge of a nearby 
construction site - a sheer drop to the foundation level below.

INT. MILITARY GHOST - CONTINUOUS

Varick frantically tries to override the controls, pounding on the locked 
doors.

                    VARICK
          No! Stop! Override code Alpha-Zulu-9--

The vehicle CRASHES through the barrier and sails over the edge.

EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE - CONTINUOUS

The military Ghost plummets, then EXPLODES in a massive fireball as it 
hits the ground.

INT. VIATECH HEADQUARTERS - SERVER ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

Dex watches the upload complete: "100% - FILES TRANSFERRED"

He types a few more commands. On screens around him, we see Aivia Ghosts 
all over the city suddenly turning, driving themselves into bodies of 
water, crashing into walls, or otherwise self-destructing.

                    DEX
          It's over.

FADE TO:

EXT. CEMETERY - DAY - WEEKS LATER

Dex stands before Clayton's grave. The headstone reads: "CLAYTON STANFORD 
- VISIONARY"

He holds a piece of paper - Clayton's final words or manifesto. After 
reading it, he looks at the headstone.

                    DEX
          That's a crock of shit, coming from 
          you.

He turns and walks away, leaving the paper fluttering in the breeze.

FADE TO BLACK.
