#AutonomousFilm.0.256

INT. MID-DAY - OUTSIDE CLAYTON’s OFFICE

The blinds of the office close shut.

The chaos, rabble, and noise of the office fills the scene.

One engineer sits at his desk: Dexton Sharp

His eyes are glued to his screen.

His hand covers half his face

He watches on in abject horror, terror, and guilt

as the scene flashes across his monitor

Through his headphones we hear, V.O.

CU Dex’s face, framed from shoulders upwards, his dress shirt is steeped in sweat, his hands nervously tap his desk. The camera pans closer and closer to his flustered face, which is filled with a dreadful fear. His heart is pulsing, and we hear it getting louder and louder as the reporting continues and as we continue to zoom closer into a XCU of his eyes. The world around him grows in distance in a Hitchcock shot. White noise and ringing slowly overtake the reporting, as Dex wipes sweat from his face.

“Reporting at the scene of a horrific accident here at the intersection of 5th Ave and 7th St in Downtown, as a man was hit by one of Viatech’s ‘Aivia Ghosts’, a self driving vehicle that drivers have come to know as a safer, faster, and more convenient alternative to other modes of transportation. This accident is the first of its kind, after Aivia Ghost’s have been on the road for at least 14 months since it’s initial public launch. The accident comes mere days before Viatech’s unveiling of the ‘Aivia Mammoth’, a self driving semi-truck that promises to re-invent // Editor’s Note: maybe “revolutionize” // the supply chain industry. Questions will arise as to how this happened, how safe the Aivia Ghost truly is, and who—is accountable. Signing off for Channel 10 news...”

“Dex” a voice cuts through the noise. Dex wheels his head around in a panic. His eyes meet Clayton’s.

“We need to talk”.