#AutonomousFilm.0.32

One of the exposition scenes will consist of the beggar recognizing clayton as he finally encounters him outside his office

This isn’t exactly what will happen next, but it should give the idea of the interaction:

EXT - MORNING to MID-DAY.

The “beggar” is shouting "I know you! I know you! You're Clayton! Clayton Stanford! You have to listen to me!”, the “beggar” grabs at Clayton’s suite jacket sleeve, like a man pleading for the future of humanity. “Get away from me!” Clayton shouts. “Vermin!” "You have to know what you're doing!”, the “beggar” shouts. Clayton forcefully breaks from the encounter and paces away, “Get lost!”, he eventually starts a half jog to get away from him as the “beggar" continues shouting and begins to chase after him, "You need to know the truth! I need to tell you something! Clayton, stop, listen! The world hangs in the balance. You need to know! The truth about Aivia!"

At this point Clayton is halfway through an intersection, without turning, he hears that last part. He gets to the end of the crosswalk and as he steps onto the sidewalk, he decides to turn around.

Looking at the “beggar” in the eyes for the first time, he says "What do you know about Aivia?", suspiciously. The "beggar", now halfway through the crosswalk stops and says, "Come with me, and I'll tell you. I'll tell you everything they have been hiding from you”. The “beggar”’s eyes are filled with a knowing look.

Clayton takes a moment to absorb the wretched vision of the man before him. Tattered clothes, matted hair, filthy hands, worn shoes.

"You're a lunatic. There's nothing I need to know from you.”

“I know about the accidents. I know why they’re—“

Tires screech and the smoke and smell of burnt rubber suddenly fill the air.

The vehicle screams to a halt—but not before it slams directly into the “beggar”.

He rag dolls, breaking his spine, his body swings like a pendulum, sending his head careening into the asphalt. Cracking open his skull. Blood rushes onto the pavement--an ugly scene.

Clayton freezes in the moment. His eyes absord the scene. Perhaps for a moment, he felt a fleeting moment of empathy. Of guilt. He processed the scene. He processsed the “beggar”’s words.

“Accidents”, he thinks. “What does he know?”

The shock begins to subside from his face. His eyes turn from horror to fear.

The picture of the reality settles into his mind.

“I can’t be here.” he saids to himself.

“Oh my god! Shouts a bystander! Help him”

Panicked, shaking to his core, he briskly abouts face, his nervous system screaming to run, run now.

“I can’t be seen” he begins to dart away, holding his suite jacket over his head.

First he paces quickly, then he begins to run, then he is sprinting.

Scenes of the city rush by him and blur together as he runs harder and harder, with no particular destination.

His mind is fixed on only one thought, “I can’t be here. I can’t be seen here. This is not good. This can’t get out”

Sirens and lights begin to flood his senses.

EMTs and police vehicles fly past him.

He finally stops and collects himself.

He breaths deeply.

He picks up the phone and dials.

The line on the other end answers, but doesn’t speak.

“I need you to make something disappear for me”