#AutonomousFilm.16.32

// Possible main character name: Dexton Sharp  
// "Dex" for short

// Note: This section is the thoughts or words  
// of Clayton Standford, the corporate head of Aivia  


I always aimed for what's best.

That's the truth of it all.

One never could have seen things coming to this.

//// I wanted to save people--save lives.

//// Enrich the people of Earth.
//// Unlock the doors of science fiction--
//// to birth reality from the pages--
//// to make tangible non-fictions 
//// out of the imagination of those before me.


I honestly had humanity's best intentions in mind.

// But the road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
// I didn't know it yet, but my invention would take me  
// there, and there was no way to stop it... once the wheels  
// were in motion.

// Your fate is out of your hands... as soon as you let someone  
// else--or something else--take the wheel.

// I trusted that something because it was my dream
// to build it.

// But I never had control of the dream. Those in control  
// simply knew it would be convenient
// if I believed that I did.

/// Belief is a powerful thing. Some believe in Gods.
/// Some believe in reincarnation. Some believe in nothing.
/// I believed in machines--technology. Faith is believing
/// with out evidence--it's a choice to believe. 
/// But to believe in something despite evidence to the
/// contrary of that belief...
/// is nothing short of willful ignorance.

/// If I weren't blinded by my ambition,
/// perhaps I would have listened
/// to everyone who tried to warned me.
/// I wasn't driving the creation of the machine of
/// future...
/// it was driving me.
/// Driving me to my destruction.

//// I wasn't designing the future--
//// I was designing the end.

//// perhaps replace the following:

/// Our fate is of our making.
/// I made what sealed my fate.
/// I wish I could unmake that fate.
/// For it has become a terrible threat
/// to the fate of everyone who follows
/// in my path of ignorance.

//// with: 
//// Our fate is of our own design.
//// I wish I could unmake that fate.
//// For my pursuit now threatens 
//// everyone--everyone I strived to  
//// protect.

/// I created a self driving machine.
/// I was just a passenger to my destiny...
/// one more person who blindly accepted 
/// technology as my savior.

/// But all Gods are false Gods.
/// Gods are nothing but creations of man.
/// Men who have something to gain by
/// creating them.

/// And will go to any lengths
/// to acheive the results they desire...
/// the means for their end.

/// If you start to ask questions,
/// you're no longer convenient to the cause.

//// You become a challenger to this
//// religion of untruths.

/// The puppeteer behind the curtain--
/// pulling strings I never knew were there--
/// needed to silence my questions.
/// OR: needs to silence my questions.

//// That is why I decided to learn the truth.
//// To ascertain the facts
//// and share them to the world.


//// That is why they will kill me.
//// But I can't live with the knowledge
//// of the path I set the world on.

//// Perhaps, the self driving machine
//// is taking me to my death.
//// Or perhaps I know that it will.

//// But the world will be watching...
//// and the truth will be told...
//// whether it claims my life or not...

//// Because I know this:
//// Death is at my door.
//// If I know I can't escape my fate...
//// I can at least save humanity 
//// from the machinations of my
//// ambitions.

//// I want to end things selflessly.
//// I will not fear the end--
//// because I know I cannot escape it.

//// But take what knowledge I have
//// So that the world may at least have the chance
//// to escape the fate I have invented
//// for myself.

//// Show the world what I have seen.
//// That is my final wish.


