autonomous film

incident where main character picks up character who does not realize they've been marked for death

short way through a hectic car ride to a safe destination, they other character is explaining what they've learned

just as the are about to deliver the truth bomb

the vehicle is suddenly struck with an autonomous vehicle

the car goes flying in a traumatic crash scene

the other character is instantly silenced

a freak accident? or worse?

---

here's another death from 2020. ruled as driver at fault. // but look at these pictures. there's no way this was the driver's fault

// this file's missi

// half of this file is redacted though.

// what do you think they redacted?

i don't know

but i want to find out

(hint, it's dash footage)

---

eventually they find it

it's dash footage of an original whistleblower of some type

---

they aren't just building self driving cars, they are building ---

crash

---

pov of dash cam

the vehicle has been pinned against the ledge of a cliff by the self driving car

the driver floors the gas, but it's no use

the self driving car slams once--the vehicle now teeters

the driver is fumbling with the car door, trying to get it to unlock

the self driving car slams again, now harder, and the vehicle rocks

frantically screaming, the character ferociously shakes the handle to a broken car door, suddenly deciding to pound on the glass with her elbow

one more final acceleration

a horrid crash sound and twist of metal and the vehicle is now free from the ledge

a moment of screams before the vehicle crashes down completely to the ground

and silence befalls the still night

only the gentle hum of an electric car motor can be heard

as we see taillights swerve away

---

ultimately i want the red herring villain character to get killed in his own self driving vehicle

his majority share holder will give a speech on tv covering the issue

i've received news last night

character name was killed in his own self driving car.

he was traveling home late at night after we had spoke when his vehicle was blindsided, by a drunk driver

there are those who say his self driving cars were dangerous

but who is dangerous?

our self driving cars have killed no one!

it's the PEOPLE who make the road dangerous

and by fighting the progress of self driving cars, you people have killed the very person who brought that vision to life!

it is clear to me that the next step is to

// we need to create roads that only self driving cars can use // by the end of this decade, i promise you, every vehicle on the road will be a self driving vehicle. and there will be ZERO vehicle deaths